Looking at your screenshots carefully:

iOS — banner sits at the very bottom, content hides behind it
Android — banner sits above the dark system navigation bar (back/home/recent buttons), so the total blocked area is bigger

Here's the full corrected prompt:

In the Rude Reminders app I need to fix content being hidden behind the banner ad at the bottom of the screen on both iOS and Android. The two platforms have different bottom heights:
Platform differences to account for:

iOS — banner is approximately 50px from the bottom edge
Android — banner sits above the dark system navigation bar which adds approximately 48px extra, so total blocked area is approximately 100-110px from the bottom edge

1. ADD PLATFORM-AWARE BOTTOM BUFFER to home-premium.tsx and home-free.tsx:

Detect the platform using Capacitor.getPlatform()
Apply different bottom padding based on platform:

javascriptconst bottomPadding = Capacitor.getPlatform() === 'android' 
  ? 120  // banner + Android nav bar
  : 80   // banner only on iOS

Add this as padding to the main scroll container on both pages
This ensures ALL content scrolls fully above the banner on both platforms

2. FIX the "Selected reminder time" summary bubble:

Currently hidden behind the banner when scrolled to bottom
The bottom buffer above should fix this
Double check it is fully visible after the fix on both platforms
The bubble showing "Wed, Apr 1 • 3:00 PM 🔔 Lv.3" must clear the banner completely

3. FIX the Help button floating position:

Currently partially hidden behind the banner on both platforms
Apply platform-aware bottom offset:

javascriptconst helpButtonBottom = Capacitor.getPlatform() === 'android'
  ? 130  // above banner + Android nav bar
  : 90   // above banner on iOS

Find the Help button component and apply this offset
Must float fully visible above the banner on both platforms

4. FIX the Quick Reminder section:

Gets clipped at the bottom when scrolled down
The bottom buffer padding fix should cover this
Verify it is fully scrollable above the banner after fix

5. ALSO check home-free.tsx:

Free page has the usage counter at the very bottom
Make sure that counter is also fully visible above the banner
Apply the same platform-aware bottom padding

6. Do not change:

The banner ad position or behaviour
Any ad IDs or functionality
The Android system navigation bar — do not try to change that
Anything else not mentioned

7. Show every file and exact lines being changed before editing