im trying to submit my in ap purchase for review so that i can test ourchases out but i keep getting this. prepare for submit: and when i check the guidlines this is what I get.: Manage submissions to App Review
Overview of submitting for review
The review process covers every version of your app and its content, like in-app purchases and Apple-hosted asset packs, to ensure a safe and trustworthy experience for users and to support developers' success.

Our goal is to make the submission process as convenient and efficient as possible. While you typically submit one submission for review at a time per platform, you also have the flexibility to submit items with one additional submission, even if you already have an app version submitted for review.

For example, if you have an app version currently under review, you can also submit an In-App Event in a separate submission, or if you have a custom product page under review, you can also submit an app version in a separate submission.

Note: Submissions may not be reviewed in the order you submit them.

You can choose to submit items for review together with, or separately from, an app version. If your submission includes an app version, items will be reviewed together with that app version. If your submission doesn’t include an app version, or your submission includes items associated with multiple platforms, items will be reviewed together with the latest version of the platform you specify during the submission process. Use the App Review information section on the latest approved app version for that platform to provide additional information or context that will help App Review during the review process.

App versions for each platform are submitted separately. The status of any app versions on one platform doesn’t influence the status of app versions on other platforms.

Manage your submissions and messages with the App Review team in the App Review section of the sidebar. This section may display four types of content:

App (iOS, macOS, tvOS, visionOS) Submission: App versions and/or items that you submitted to App Review, and any related messages from App Review.

Beta Build: Beta versions of your app that you submitted and App Review didn’t accept, and any related messages from App Review.

Beta Asset Pack: Beta versions of asset packs that you submitted and App Review didn’t accept, and any related messages from App Review.

App Review Message: Other messages from App Review that don’t relate to a submission.

Learn about upcoming submission requirements.

Learn how to submit using the App Store Connect API.