This pattern (everything works in “dev mode,” then breaks in “production mode”) almost always comes down to one of these three mismatches:


Your phone app and your web app are talking to a different server than you think (DEV vs PROD API)


Login “success” isn’t being persisted on iOS (token/cookie not saved/loaded in the WebView)


Whitelist/premium check is reading the wrong field or stale cached user data (API returns “free” even though DB says premium)


The key is: we need to stop guessing and do 2 proof checks that identify which mismatch it is.

Proof Check 1: Confirm your app is hitting PRODUCTION API (web + iOS)
In your code (or temporarily in the login screen), log:
console.log("API_BASE_URL:", API_BASE_URL);

And in the backend (server), log every request host + path:
console.log("REQ", req.method, req.path, "host:", req.headers.host);

What you want to see:


iOS and web both call https://rudereminder.replit.app


not a replit dev URL, not localhost, not a Mac IP


If the phone is hitting a different base URL than web, login + whitelist will disagree.

Proof Check 2: See what the server actually returns after login
The “web logs in but still Free” claim is only possible if the API response after login does not include premium info (or includes it in a different shape).
On the web version (desktop browser):


DevTools → Network


Find the call that loads current user (usually /me, /user, /profile, /session)


Look at the JSON response


You’re looking for something like:


subscriptionPlan: "premium"
or isWhitelisted: true
or role: "beta" etc.


If the response says “free,” the UI is correctly showing “free” even if the DB has premium. That means the backend logic is wrong or reading the wrong DB/table.

Why the iPhone app says “success” but stays guest
That usually means:


login endpoint returns success


token is not stored or not re-used on the next “get current user” call


app falls back to guest view


In Capacitor, the most reliable fix is: store token with @capacitor/preferences, not just cookies.

The quickest “fix path” that doesn’t waste time
Step A — Make production login + session rock-solid (server)
Use token auth (Authorization header), not cookie-only, and return user in login response.
Login response should include:


token


user (including premium status)


Step B — On iOS, store token using Capacitor Preferences
Then on app launch, load token and call /me with Authorization.
Step C — Whitelist logic must be computed server-side and included in /me
Don’t rely on client-side checking a field that might not exist.

What I need from you to fix this without back-and-forth
Paste only these two things:


The API base URL code (where you set PRODUCTION_API_URL / API_BASE_URL)


The backend route for “current user” (usually /me) and the login route (/login)


With those, I can tell you exactly why:


web logs in but doesn’t become premium


iOS logs in but returns to guest



One more thing: don’t revert to dev server UI
You’re right that dev mode “worked,” but that path can fail App Store review because it often depends on dev URLs or your computer. We want production-correct behavior now so reviewers/testers get the same experience.
If you paste the two snippets above, I’ll give you a single clean set of changes to make dev/prod consistent.