Please harden the /delete-account flow so deletion is final and cannot be bypassed via browser back/refresh, and ensure the user is fully logged out across devices.

Goals

After delete succeeds, force logout immediately

Clear auth cookie/session/JWT on the server (set cookie expired; invalidate session).

On the client, remove any stored auth token, cached user object, and app state.

Invalidate ALL active sessions/tokens

If using JWT: add a server-side invalidation strategy (ex: store tokenVersion on user, increment on delete; or store a revokedAt timestamp and reject tokens issued before it).

If using sessions: destroy the session(s) for that user.

If there’s a “remember me” token or refresh tokens, invalidate them too.

Block “Back button” / cached pages
After deletion:

Redirect to a dedicated confirmation page: /delete-account/complete

Use replace navigation (not push) so the previous route isn’t still in history.

Add headers on the /delete-account route so browsers won’t cache it:

Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, max-age=0

Pragma: no-cache

Expires: 0
If this is a SPA route, ensure the backend serves index.html with no-store for that path, or add a middleware for that path.

Ensure login cannot succeed after deletion

Deleting the user must remove/disable authentication:

user record deleted OR deletedAt/isDeleted flag set and auth endpoints check it.

All auth endpoints should return a clear error if user is deleted: "Account deleted".

Confirmation UX
On successful deletion, show:

“Account deleted successfully”

“You are now signed out”

“You can no longer log in with this email”
Provide a button: “Return to Home / Login”

Safety checks

The delete endpoint must require BOTH:

valid login session

correct password re-entry

typing “DELETE”

Rate limit delete attempts (basic throttle) to prevent brute force.

Log an audit event (userId, timestamp, IP) for compliance.

Acceptance tests (please verify)

User deletes account → gets success screen → cannot go back to authenticated screens.

Refresh on /delete-account/complete works.

Try to login again with same email/password → fails with “Account deleted”.

If user had the app open on another device/browser, next API request returns 401 and forces logout.